Hey everyone!
Welcome back to Boost your Income with
Bootstrap to WordPress.
In this lecture we're gonna create
a contact page and code our contact form.
[MUSIC]
All right guys, last page for
our static templates is our Contact page.
Very simple header,
pretty global footer, and contact form.
Super simple.
Let's jump in code editor, and
create a new page called contact.html.
Open that contact page.
Actually before you do that,
copy The head, all the way
from the top of this resources page, all
the way down to body, pass that, actually.
Header, we're gonna grab all this again.
And feature image,
copy that, that'll be good.
Open your content.html Great.
Paste that in there.
And at the very bottom we
want to paste some more.
So let's open up our resources again.
And I'm going to Copy from the bottom,
html all the way up to footer
sign-up section there we go.
Right up to the top of sign-up section.
Perfect.
Paste that at the bottom
of your contact page.
There we go.
Looks good, looks good.
Okay.
So why don't we change
a couple things here?
At the top I'm just gonna add a title.
Say, contact, pipe,
Bootstrap to WordPress.
And then scroll down,
full-width instead of resources,
this is going to be full-width contact.
And then we have our header Looks good.
Change the active class, here,
from Resources, add it to Contact.
Good, good.
Change the feature-image
text page-title to Contact.
And, that looks good.
Sign up section.
Don't necessarily need that.
But it'll be removed
once we're in WordPress.
Add a new comment here for a new section.
This'll be main content.
Div with the class of container.
It's gonna have a child with a div with
the class of row and the ID of primary.
Then we're also gonna have
a child within there,
which will be a div
with the ID of content.
And the class of call, small 12.
Look at this super Emmet.
Boom!
Saved myself a whole
bunch of time on markup.
Content, this is row and
this is container.
Okay, within there, we're
going to have a section with
the class of main content not CSS.
There we go.
Within main content, I want
a paragraph with a class of lead And
this text will say have any
questions about the course?
Feel free to get in touch.
I'll to my best to get back to you ASAP.
Now, let's code this form.
Within main content,
we're gonna have a form.
Action leave that alone,
WordPress will do all that.
Role will be form class clearfix.
Cool, I don't need to add that there.
All right, so let's use some Emmet here
to give us all of our form markup.
So I'm going to start with
the div with the class of row.
It's gonna have a child
with the class of col-sm-6,
and we're gonna have two of those.
And those will have children with the
class of form-group, those will be divs.
And now I need to jump back
up out of the col-sm-6, so
I can use this symbol right here.
Shift+ 6 will give me that caret.
And then I'm going to say col-sm-12.
And that will have a child of form group.
Now, if I expand that.
I believe I have everything perfect.
Row, there it is.
Then we have our call perfect.
That's our 12, this is our six and
this is our six and
then our form groups within
each of those Awesome,
I'm just gonna add a couple
comments just to clean it up a bit.
There you go, awesome.
So all that markup, I saved a whole bunch
of time simply because I used Emmet.
As you could see,
it helps you speed up your coding.
All right, now I'm gonna have a label and
it's gonna have four contact name.
Class will be screen reader only, and
then name, and then we'll have an input.
Type will be text,
class will be form-control-input-lg,
that is a bootstrap class.
ID will be contact name
associated with that label.
Placeholder will be your name.
Let's copy that, paste it,
both of these actually.
Label and input,
paste it here in this next form group.
We're gonna switch these around and
this is gonna say.
Contact-email, here we go.
Screen reader only,
this will say email, input type email,
form-control and put large contact email.
And actually I messed up here for
the contact name.
This will be contact name,
not contact form.
This will say your email.
Now if we go down here the last
one is slightly different.
This will be label for contact words and
this will say message.
Contact words, placeholder, your message.
However, this is not an input,
so let's just fix this up again.
I'm gonna keep the class ID and
placeholder,
and I'm gonna add a text area.
And that text area will have
the class of form control input.
Large, I also just noticed something.
Form-control, take the dash
out after form-control and
input-lg, this is actually
two separate classes.
Form-control space input-lg.
Do that in all the other instances.
There we go, perfect.
Contact words, placeholder,
we'll say your message,
we're gonna have rows, 3.
And then after the row we're gonna have
an input, the type will be submit.
The class will be btn btn-info btn-lg and
pull-right.
The value will be Get in touch.
And then an raquo, right, arrow quote.
Save that, check it out.
Right here in your contact page.
There it is, there's the contact.
And so right now,
it obviously doesn't do anything but
once we're in WordPress we're gonna use
a special plugin to allow us to do that.
And that's it for our static site.
All right, quick little overview.
We have our homepage, looking good.
We have the Moto window here.
Pops up, great.
We have the blog page overview and
then the blog full post.
Comments.
Contact form.
Oh, one little thing.
Quick fix, we need to fix this button.
Drop it to your CSS,
it will be super quick.
Scroll up to your forms,
styles right here, and
after your input styles, we're going to
do a couple of quick things right here.
We're going to select input, type, submit.
And button[type="submit"].
And then we're going to display
inline-block; margin=bottom:0;
font-size: 18px; Font weight bold.
Line height, 1.33.
Text align, center.
White space, no wrap.
Basically, I'm copying the styles
form the default bootstrap buttons,
if you're wondering where I'm
getting these styles form.
Vertical align, middle.
Cursor, pointer.
Webkit-user-select, none.
Couple of more here,
this will be moz-user-select.
And then just straight up ms-user-select.
And then user-select, none.
So lots of user selects.
Background image, none.
Border radius, 6 pixels.
Let's cross browser compatibilize this.
And moz-border-radius.
There we go.
Save that.
Then we're going to copy
these one more time.
And give them some hover styles.
So change this to hover and
add hover here as well.
Great.
This will be outline none.
Border none.
Background triple a.
Okay, save it.
Give it a quick look.
There we go, nice and decent.
Now, back to our overview.
We have our Resources page, it looks good.
Contact page, looks good.
All right, now what we're gonna
do is jump in to WordPress.
We're gonna download WordPress the next
lecture, and we're gonna get started.
Dive in head first, shall we.
[MUSIC]